retry-list/README.md, before:

# Hash Table

| Name                                                      | Date added | Date next retry | Retry count | Issue                                                    | Description                                  |
|-----------------------------------------------------------|------------|-----------------|-------------|----------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------|
| top-k-frequent-elements                                   | 10.09.2024 | -               | 2           | [1] Syntax and logic. [2]. SYNTAX. [3] Retried first try | Finally retried with no issues               |
| find-the-prefix-common-array-of-two-arrays                | 10.09.2024 | 22.09.2024      | 1           | [1] Syntax and logic and time. [2] Good                  | Solved without set using array. Good, 1 try. |
| h-index                                                   | 11.09.2024 | 22.09.2024      | 1           | [2] Solved.                                              | waits 2nd retry. Good.                       |
| find-all-anagrams-in-a-string                             | 11.09.2024 | 19.09.2024      | 0           | Syntax and logic                                         | Solve the problem 1st try                    |
| valid-sudoku                                              | 11.09.2024 | 27.09.2024      | 1           | Solved by using __int128 in c++. Needs to закрепить      | Solve first try using c++                    |
| find-pivot-index                                          | 17.09.2024 | 19.09.2024      | 0           | Solved with creating prefix array, but it's redundant    | Solve first try without prefix array         |
| subarray-sum-equals-k                                     | 17.09.2024 | 20.09.2024      | 0           | Not solved at all.                                       | Solve.                                       |
| rotate-array                                              | 18.09.2024 | 20.09.2024      | 0           | Solved with copying array                                | Solve by not coping an array                 |
| minimum-difference-between-highest-and-lowest-of-k-scores | 18.09.2024 | 20.09.2024      | 0           | Solved with hints                                        | Solve with no hints                          |

Commit message:

Retried find all anagrams in string

retry-list/README.md, after:

# Hash Table

| Name                                                      | Date added | Date next retry | Retry count | Issue                                                    | Description                                  |
|-----------------------------------------------------------|------------|-----------------|-------------|----------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------|
| top-k-frequent-elements                                   | 10.09.2024 | -               | 2           | [1] Syntax and logic. [2]. SYNTAX. [3] Retried first try | Finally retried with no issues               |
| find-the-prefix-common-array-of-two-arrays                | 10.09.2024 | 22.09.2024      | 1           | [1] Syntax and logic and time. [2] Good                  | Solved without set using array. Good, 1 try. |
| h-index                                                   | 11.09.2024 | 22.09.2024      | 1           | [2] Solved.                                              | waits 2nd retry. Good.                       |
| find-all-anagrams-in-a-string                             | 11.09.2024 | 30.09.2024      | 1           | Syntax and logic. Successfully retried 24:16             | One more retry to make it faster             |
| valid-sudoku                                              | 11.09.2024 | 27.09.2024      | 1           | Solved by using __int128 in c++. Needs to закрепить      | Solve first try using c++                    |
| find-pivot-index                                          | 17.09.2024 | 19.09.2024      | 0           | Solved with creating prefix array, but it's redundant    | Solve first try without prefix array         |
| subarray-sum-equals-k                                     | 17.09.2024 | 20.09.2024      | 0           | Not solved at all.                                       | Solve.                                       |
| rotate-array                                              | 18.09.2024 | 20.09.2024      | 0           | Solved with copying array                                | Solve by not coping an array                 |
| minimum-difference-between-highest-and-lowest-of-k-scores | 18.09.2024 | 20.09.2024      | 0           | Solved with hints                                        | Solve with no hints                          |
